Recommend `make -C test-suite` over other methods. (#14698)
coq/coq: dev/doc/build-system.dune.md

Dune also provides targets for documentation, testing, and release
builds, please see below.

## Testing and documentation targets

> There are two ways to run the test-suite when using Dune:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are two ways to run the test suite using Dune:
```

"test suite" the concept, not "test-suite" the directory

> - You can run the test-suite in-place, with output artifacts in the
>   tree using `make -C test-suite` (equivalent to running `make` inside
>   the `test-suite` directory), after having built Coq with `make -f
>   Makefile.dune world`. This will allow for incremental usage as
>   artifacts will be preserved.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- After building Coq with `make -f Makefile.dune world`, you can run the test-suite
  in place, generating output files in the source tree
  by running `make -C test-suite` from the top directory of the source tree.
  This permits incremental usage since output files will be preserved.
```

> - You can also run the test-suite in an hygienic way using `make -f

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- You can also run the test suite in a hygienic way using `make -f
```

"h" is a consonant, hence "a"

  Makefile.dune test-suite` or `dune runtest`. This is convenient for

>   full runs from scracth, for instance in CI.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  full runs from scratch, for instance in CI.
```

> Given that `dune` still invokes the test-suite makefile, the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Since `dune` still invokes the test-suite makefile, the
```

> environment variable `NJOBS` will control the value of the `-j` option

Reviewer: ```suggestion
environment variable `NJOBS` is used to set the `-j` option
```

that is passed to make; common call `NJOBS=8 dune runtest`. This will

> be resolved in the future once the test suite is ported to Dune rules.

Reviewer 2: Maybe this should be moved to the previous paragraph? In the first case, NJOBS is not used, but the `-j`parameter of make is.

> that is passed to make; common call `NJOBS=8 dune runtest`. This will
> be resolved in the future once the test suite is ported to Dune rules.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
that is passed to make (for example, with the command `NJOBS=8 dune runtest`). This use of `NJOBS`
will be removed when the test suite is fully ported to Dune.
```

> be resolved in the future once the test suite is ported to Dune rules.

Author: ```suggestion
  Given that `dune` still invokes the test-suite makefile, the
  environment variable `NJOBS` will control the value of the `-j` option
  that is passed to make; common call `NJOBS=8 dune runtest`. This will
  be resolved in the future once the test suite is ported to Dune rules.
```

> Since `dune` still invokes the test-suite makefile, the
> environment variable `NJOBS` is used to set the `-j` option
> that is passed to make (for example, with the command `NJOBS=8 dune runtest`). This use of `NJOBS`
> will be removed when the test suite is fully ported to Dune.

Author: ```suggestion
  Since `dune` still invokes the test-suite makefile, the
  environment variable `NJOBS` is used to set the `-j` option
  that is passed to make (for example, with the command
  `NJOBS=8 dune runtest`). This use of `NJOBS` will be
  removed when the test suite is fully ported to Dune.
```

Dune also provides targets for documentation, testing, and release
builds, please see below.

## Testing and documentation targets

For the moment, to run the test-suite, we recommend calling `make`
directly from the test-suite directory (or with `make -C test-suite`).

> This is the only way to get incremental test-suite builds.

Reviewer 3: Perhaps a comment about there being documentation on the targets inside that actual makefile. i.e. "See test-suite/Makefile for more info" or something.

Reviewer 3: Currently there is doc spread between the Makefile and the README in the test-suite so maybe both should be mentioned?
